Tell me guys, here 's the channel's landmark.
medieval game stock today face to face
teach you to play
the fact that sometimes people think that it is
Difficult but not very easy I go
explain a little of the letters here to
you here we have four types of
pack
We have North Kingdom deck
we have scott tael in empire
news age year ee and monsters
only you need to include 22 cars
in your deck of each class here in the
in case I have 12 of 22 demonstrate 1922
Year 2000 liver is I have bar
full of laughter we you get to
you play with others with innkeepers
sellers is gunsmiths and blacksmiths is
so come on let's start, I'll go
explain the letters here you have the
carlos espada the bow cards as
catapult cards here
hero
the weather charts
these weather charts hurt the
their adversary but also
the letter for example is five if you
put that load on top they fall
for a she nerd snow letter
she harms the sword air cards
the mist cards hurt the cards
and rain charts damage
catapult cards here we have to
time letter she yes she remove
these are those car types
so let's go there in practice as show
for you here in the beginning here you can
choose to remove two cards from the
pack
I have a letter of mist then I
basically have two d cards arc
here but I'll leave you here in
these letters that have an eye here
you give your opponent's score
but you can get two more cards from the
objective deck that is to win your
opponent of the cards
so come on let's get started
I will not change any letters my turn
I'll put the archer's card here.
Can you see there in your left corner?
each participant starts with ten cards
those ruby ​​salts are the rounds
the goal is to get the score but higher
than his opponent in every round
come on
the letter of autuar is at 5 in the second
column
now I'll put the letter from the first
sword column
I'm all right in front of the opponent
still in the lead
You see he put the letter and
It hurt my letter here.
she was 6 fell to 1 the weather charts
so let's get this letter here with
trumpet I can choose to send three
rows it doubles the points of each
my letter
indeed you have seen from four to eight
5 to 10 burst the party of the opponent and
he continues to hurt the cards
come on
these cards here are heroes
they are not suffers weather changes
anything
they are very good you gain acquires
playing with ipc s until broadcasts
secondary
this I have 23 points
I have 23 points and he is 10
I can pass round I will not have
more right to play and he still has
three letters I have three cars or
pass the round I passed now let's see
if he will play more cards or pass
round
see
and something else this game for me is already
practically gained because they have
zero cards
then my turn I'm going to put here the
letter and I will spend another gain of 3 more
here I have the cars that I change to
score for him to collect but in this
if I do not need it because the letters
He's at zero so I'm going to go and he's
There will not be any more cards.
This is it, people did not serve him.
No problem, it 's very easy there.
Thank you so much and by the next